# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements/dev.in -o requirements/dev.txt --constraint /app/requirements/base.txt
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   hypothesis
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest-subtests
    #   referencing
backoff==2.2.1
    # via schemathesis
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   flask
build==1.3.0
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
    #   schemathesis
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via schemathesis
coverage==7.10.4
    # via pytest-cov
dash==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   dash-bootstrap-components
dash-bootstrap-components==2.0.4
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via skidl
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   dash
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   kinparse
    #   skidl
graphql-core==3.2.6
    # via hypothesis-graphql
graphviz==0.21
    # via skidl
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
harfile==0.3.1
    # via schemathesis
hierplace==1.1.0
    # via kinet2pcb
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via schemathesis
hypothesis==6.138.2
    # via
    #   hypothesis-graphql
    #   hypothesis-jsonschema
    #   schemathesis
hypothesis-graphql==0.11.1
    # via schemathesis
hypothesis-jsonschema==0.23.1
    # via schemathesis
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via dash
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   flask
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   hypothesis-jsonschema
    #   schemathesis
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
junit-xml==1.9
    # via schemathesis
kinet2pcb==1.1.2
    # via skidl
kinparse==1.2.4
    # via
    #   kinet2pcb
    #   skidl
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
narwhals==2.2.0
    # via plotly
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via dash
numpy==2.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   opencv-python
    #   scipy
opencv-python==4.12.0.88
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   deprecation
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
pip==25.2
    # via pip-tools
pip-tools==7.5.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
plotly==6.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   dash
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via fastapi
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via kinparse
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyrate-limiter==3.9.0
    # via schemathesis
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-subtests
    #   schemathesis
pytest-cov==6.2.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pytest-mock==3.14.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pytest-subtests==0.14.2
    # via schemathesis
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via arrow
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   responses
    #   schemathesis
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   dash
    #   responses
    #   schemathesis
    #   starlette-testclient
responses==0.25.8
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
retrying==1.4.2
    # via dash
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via jsonschema
rfc3987==1.3.8
    # via jsonschema
rich==14.1.0
    # via schemathesis
rpds-py==0.27.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.12.10
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
schemathesis==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
scipy==1.16.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   pip-tools
sexpdata==1.0.0
    # via skidl
simple-pid==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   junit-xml
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
skidl==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via hypothesis
starlette==0.47.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   starlette-testclient
starlette-testclient==0.4.1
    # via schemathesis
tomli==2.2.1
    # via schemathesis
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250822
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   dash
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   schemathesis
    #   starlette
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
uv==0.8.13
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   dash
    #   flask
    #   schemathesis
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
